README.md, before:

# Baked File System

Include (bake them) static files into a binary at compile time and access them anytime you need.

## Installation


Add this to your application's `shard.yml`:

```yaml
dependencies:
  baked_file_system:
    github: schovi/baked_file_system
    version: 0.10.0
```

## Usage

A custom type that extends `BakedFileSystem` is used as a file system. The macro `bake_folder` bakes all files in
a given path into the virtual file system. Both relative and absolute paths are supported, as well as baking multiple
folders.

```crystal
require "baked_file_system"

class FileStorage
  extend BakedFileSystem

  bake_folder "/home/my_name/work/crystal_project/public"
  bake_folder "../public"
end

```

Files can be loaded using `get` and `get?` class methods.

```crystal
file = FileStorage.get("path/to/file.png")

file.gets_to_end  # returns content of file
file.path         # returns path of file
file.size         # returns size of original file
```

When try to get missing file, `get` raises a `BakedFileSystem::NoSuchFileError` exception
while `get?` returns `nil`.

```crystal
begin
  FileStorage.get "missing/file"
rescue BakedFileSystem::NoSuchFileError
  puts "File #{path} is missing"
end

FileStorage.get? "missing/file" # => nil
```

## Development

TODO: Write development instructions here

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/schovi/baked_file_system/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (git checkout -b my-new-feature)
3. Commit your changes (git commit -am 'Add some feature')
4. Push to the branch (git push origin my-new-feature)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## Contributors

- [schovi](https://github.com/schovi) David Schovanec
- [straight-shoota](https://github.com/straight-shoota) Johannes Müller

Commit message:

feat(bake_folder): add include_hidden option to support dot files and folders (#53)

README.md, after:

# Baked File System

Include (bake them) static files into a binary at compile time and access them anytime you need.

## Installation


Add this to your application's `shard.yml`:

```yaml
dependencies:
  baked_file_system:
    github: schovi/baked_file_system
    version: 0.10.0
```

## Usage

A custom type that extends `BakedFileSystem` is used as a file system. The macro `bake_folder` bakes all files in
a given path into the virtual file system. Both relative and absolute paths are supported, as well as baking multiple
folders.

You can control whether dotfiles files and folders (those starting with a dot, like `.gitignore` or `.hidden/`) are included using the `include_dotfiles` option (default: `false`).

```crystal
require "baked_file_system"

class FileStorage
  extend BakedFileSystem

  bake_folder "/home/my_name/work/crystal_project/public"
  bake_folder "../public", include_dotfiles: true
end

```

Files can be loaded using `get` and `get?` class methods.

```crystal
file = FileStorage.get("path/to/file.png")

file.gets_to_end  # returns content of file
file.path         # returns path of file
file.size         # returns size of original file
```

When try to get missing file, `get` raises a `BakedFileSystem::NoSuchFileError` exception
while `get?` returns `nil`.

```crystal
begin
  FileStorage.get "missing/file"
rescue BakedFileSystem::NoSuchFileError
  puts "File #{path} is missing"
end

FileStorage.get? "missing/file" # => nil
```

## Development

TODO: Write development instructions here

## Contributing

1. Fork it ( https://github.com/schovi/baked_file_system/fork )
2. Create your feature branch (git checkout -b my-new-feature)
3. Commit your changes (git commit -am 'Add some feature')
4. Push to the branch (git push origin my-new-feature)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## Contributors

- [schovi](https://github.com/schovi) David Schovanec
- [straight-shoota](https://github.com/straight-shoota) Johannes Müller
